Gu Qianyin, you only care about showing off at the art exhibition
Has the contract been signed?
After the story and Xiao Rui, they don't have time to wait for you.
I'll get it done ASAP
Director Gu, are you looking for this contract?
Mr. Gu
I should call you Miss Gu Ming now
Master Xun or fiancee
I didn't mean to blame you for following the road
Yes and story
Sign it
Yeah.
Will you marry? You are my fiancee
I won't make it difficult for you.
Don't worry, we can go to the restaurant and eat
Okay, then I'll go with He Ke'er this time.
We agreed to leave together, why is no one there?
Assistant Lu, don't wait
The person you are waiting for is still a slow user with Mr. Wei
What nonsense are you talking about?
Let's face it.
He is a young and famous Chinese painting master
How can I look at you as poor and white?
Where is he?
In the restaurant